[Doc] add static route tutorial (#2249)
magento/pwa-studio: pwa-devdocs/src/tutorials/pwa-studio-fundamentals/add-a-static-route/index.md

-   Override Venia components
-   Add a new static route that renders the custom React component

For more information on routing, see [Routing][].

{: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info}
This tutorial requires you to have a project set up using the steps provided in the [Project Setup][] tutorial.

## Create a components directory

If your project does not already have one, create a `components` directory under your `src` directory.
This directory will hold your project's custom components.

```sh
mkdir -p src/components
```

## Define a custom React component

Every route needs a component to render the content.
For this tutorial, you will define a component that renders a simple message on the page.
This component will be assigned a route in a later step.

### Create component directory

Create the directory to hold the code for a custom Foo component.

```sh
mkdir -p src/components/Foo
```

### Create `foo.js` module

Inside the Foo component directory, create a `foo.js` file with the following content:

```jsx
/* src/components/Foo/foo.js */

import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

const Foo = () => {

  useEffect(() => {

>     document.title = 'Foo Test Page';

Reviewer: I know this is a simple example for a tutorial but Venia uses `react-head` to things like this. Here's an example: https://github.com/magento/pwa-studio/blob/develop/packages/venia-ui/lib/components/CartPage/cartPage.js#L59.

Not sure if you really want to get into that here though, I might just drop the manipulation of `title` in this file.

  }, []);

  return (
    <h1>Hello World JSX</h1>
  );
}

export default Foo;
```

### Create `index.js` file

Inside the Foo component directory, create an `index.js` file that exports the Foo component.
This pattern of exposing the module through the `index.js` file is the same pattern used in the Venia UI package.

```js
/* src/components/Foo/index.js */

export {default} from './foo';
```

## Overriding Venia components overview

As described in the [Project Structure][] topic, a new project set up using the scaffolding command imports the entire Venia app as a single component.
To replace the [Routes][] component, which is imported and used in Venia's [App][] component, you need to:

> 1.  Define a new Route component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Define a new Routes component
```

> 2.  Make a copy of the App component that imports your new Route component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Make a copy of the App component that imports your new Routes component
```

> 3.  Import your project's App component in yougr `src/index.js` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Import your project's App component in your `src/index.js` file
```

> Copies of the Route and App components are found in your project's `node_modules` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copies of the Routes and App components are found in your project's `node_modules` directory.
```

```sh
mkdir -p src/components/Routes
```

### Copy over Routes component code

Get a copy of the `routes.js` file from the `node_modules` directory:

```sh
cp node_modules/@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/Routes/routes.js src/components/Routes
```

### Update Routes's module imports

Open the `routes.js` file and update the relative import statements to use components from the Venia UI package.

```diff
- import { fullPageLoadingIndicator } from '../LoadingIndicator';
- import MagentoRoute from '../MagentoRoute';
+ import { fullPageLoadingIndicator } from '@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/LoadingIndicator';
+ import MagentoRoute from '@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/MagentoRoute';
 
- const CartPage = lazy(() => import('../CartPage'));
- const CheckoutPage = lazy(() => import('../CheckoutPage'));
- const CreateAccountPage = lazy(() => import('../CreateAccountPage'));
- const Search = lazy(() => import('../../RootComponents/Search'));
+ const CartPage = lazy(() => import('../CartPage'));
+ const CheckoutPage = lazy(() => import('../CheckoutPage'));
+ const CreateAccountPage = lazy(() => import('../CreateAccountPage'));

> + const Search = lazy(() => import('../../RootComponents/Search'));

Reviewer: What actually changed with these lazy imports? Am I missing something?

Author: oops I forgot to actually update it 😅

```

### Import your custom component

Import your custom Foo component in the `routes.js` file.

> Use lazy loading to avoid unneccesary loading of your component whenever the Routes component is imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use lazy loading to load your component only when it is needed.
```

While the existing copy is technically true, I think this is more straightforward and impactful.

```sh
cp node_modules/@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/App/app.js src/components/App
```

If you look at the [`index.js` file for Venia's App component][], its default export is not `app.js`.
The default export for this component is `container.js`, which is a container for the `app.js` module, so copy the `container.js` file into your project.

```sh
cp node_modules/@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/App/container.js src/components/App
```

### Update App modules' imports

Open the `app.js` file and update the relative import statements to use components from the Venia UI package.
Skip updating the Routes import to use this project's version of the Routes component.

```diff
- import { HeadProvider, Title } from '../Head';
- import Main from '../Main';
- import Mask from '../Mask';
- import MiniCart from '../MiniCart';
- import Navigation from '../Navigation';
+ import { HeadProvider, Title } from '@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/Head';
+ import Main from '@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/Main';
+ import Mask from '@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/Mask';
+ import MiniCart from '@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/MiniCart';

> + import Navigation from '@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/Navigation';

Reviewer: Just a thought as I read all of these: should we be doing this in Venia already?
